Update community.md - Awesome Dot (#5597)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/community.md

  Discover thriving communities and participate in engaging campaigns.
- [DotAppStore](https://dotappstore.com/) - Discover featured projects and apps upvoted by the
  Polkadot community.
- [Awesome Dot](https://github.com/haquefardeen/awesome-dot) - community curated resources, projects,

>   and learning around the Polkadot and Kusama ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and learning material about the Polkadot and Kusama ecosystems.
```
